Update multisig docs (#2724)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-accounts.md

![11](../assets/accounts/multisig-11.png)

You will now see a pending transaction the 'Multisig Test Address' (the purple icon next to the

> account name), and if you click the dropdown under Alice's balance - you will see that a value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
account name), and if you click the dropdown arrow right of Alice's balance - you will see that a value
```

Author: ✅
